I have already given you the money.
What more do you want?
What else do I want?
You broke my family
How can I take revenge before I go abroad?
Ah, I'll give you the money.
Let my daughter go
I'll stay here at your disposal
I want money
Me, too.
Brother, what do you want?
What do I want to do?
Don't you know later?
No Song Yao
What about your previous momentum?
Why don't you take it out?
Ah bro
Let's have something to talk about
My daughter is still young
What does not fright have to do with me?
She's not my daughter
One also kneels and talks
Qi Wangjian, I have already given you all the money.
Why be so aggressive?
I was aggressive.
You made a splash in front of Concubine Gu
Let me bring face to my family and go bankrupt
You should have known that today would come
Good nine sister
I apologize to you.
Hahaha
kneel down